Review reaction: Clarify scope (#400)
the-teachingRSE-project/competencies: competencies.md

and what experience, skills and competencies are required to become one is challenging.
In this community paper we define the broad notion of what an RSE is, explore the different types of work they undertake, and
define a list of foundational competencies as well as values that outline the general profile of an RSE.

> These foundational skills are encountered to a large extent within the skill sets of current RSEs in Germany and beyond, and we propose them as a guideline for aspiring RSEs to shape their technical profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These foundational skills are encountered to a large extent within the skill sets of current RSEs in Germany and beyond,
 and we propose them as a guideline for aspiring RSEs to shape their technical profile.
```
SemBr

> These foundational skills are encountered to a large extent within the skill sets of current RSEs in Germany and beyond, and we propose them as a guideline for aspiring RSEs to shape their technical profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These foundational skills are encountered to a large extent within the skill sets of current RSEs in Germany and beyond, and we propose them as a starting point for aspiring RSEs to shape their technical profile.
```

Keeping in mind that list is not the end-all be-all  but the foundation

and what experience, skills and competencies are required to become one is challenging.
In this community paper we define the broad notion of what an RSE is, explore the different types of work they undertake, and
define a list of foundational competencies as well as values that outline the general profile of an RSE.
These foundational skills are encountered to a large extent within the skill sets of current RSEs in Germany and beyond,

> and we propose them as a starting point for aspiring RSEs to shape their technical profile.

Reviewer 2: Are we content, that this covers the aspect 
`Also is it meant to be aspirational (e.g., all RSEs should have these) ` 
brought forward by the referee? I interpret the wording "as a starting point" such that all RSEs should have them.

Author: That was my intentional with the `guidelines` (`starting point` is also good) and `aspiring`.
